---
id: eg616
title: 1. Getting started with Swimm
file_version: 1.1.1
app_version: 1.1.0
---

<!-- Intro - Do not remove this comment -->
### 👋 Welcome

Welcome to the world of **Swimm**, the knowledge management tool for code.<br/>
In this short guide you will get to know Swimm and its abilities.

### About this Playlist

What you are reading right now is called a "**Playlist**".<br/>
It is a collection of documents grouped together in a particular order.

*   Learn and play around with the **demo repository** provided
    
*   Learn about what is possible with the **Swimm webapp** and **IDE integrations**
    

### Ready to start?

When you are ready, **connect your own repository** and see how Swimm can impact your teams productivity.<br/>
So grab your floaties, and let's get started! 🏊

<br/>

<br/>

<!-- Steps - Do not remove this comment -->
1. [About this demo repository](about-this-demo-repository.q3ey7.sw.md)
2. [Swimm Vs. other tools](swimm-vs-other-tools.98z5a.sw.md)
3. [∟ About this demo repository](about-this-demo-repository.lejrf.sw.md)
4. [2. Feature set](https://swimm-web-app.web.app/repos/dummy-repo/playlists/2hk7q)


<br/>

<!-- Summary - Do not remove this comment -->
Swimm is a documentation solution for engineering teams that connects documentation seamlessly with code and ensures that it is always up-to-date. It has a patented Auto-sync feature that keeps documentation synced with the code as it evolves and changes. It also has a code-coupled editor with rich text, Markdown, and live code snippets embedded in the documentation. Additionally, it has IDE integrations which allow consuming documentation directly from the IDE, meaning it is easily accessible whenever and wherever it is needed.

<br/>

This file was generated by Swimm. [Click here to view it in the app](https://swimm-web-app.web.app/repos/Z2l0aHViJTNBJTNBdG9kbyUzQSUzQVlvc3NpU2FhZGk=/playlists/eg616).
